#Pokemon Snap - Browser Edition

##Data I'm going to use:
For this project I'm not going to rely on external data sources, all of the data will be generated by the app and the users itself.
A downside to this is that testing will be harder, since I will need to generate some data before I can check if everything works. Also I need to specify what I want to save and use, but this is both a pro and a con, since it means I have a lot of control on my data.

##MVP:
- Random pokemon is generated, at a pseudo-random time, disapears after a certain amount of time. **(real-time)**
- User clicks on the pokemon and pokemon is added to their list of pokemon that they snapped.
- Other users can see wich pokemon they have snapped.**(real-time)**
- Activity feed, users can see real-time when someone snaps a pokemon **(real-time)**


##Future features, from most important to least important:

###Pokemon rarity
- Pokemon sorted by rarity, from least to most rare: common, uncommon, rare and legendary.
- Pokemon appear depending on their rarity. **(real-time)**

### Locations
- Locations, different location have different pokemon
- Location activity, see the amount of users currently in the location **(real-time)**
- Pokemon can only be snapped by X amount of people in the location or until time runs out **(real-time)**

###Canvas export
- When user snaps a pokemon, the part of the canvas wich holds the pokemon is saved
- This photo is added to the users profile and can be seen by others **(real-time)**
- Users can set a photo as their favorite photo

### User Levels
- User gains exp if they snap a new pokemon
- Notification in activity if user levels up **(real-time)**
- Cetrain location can only be accessed by people of a certain level
- Users levels unlock new pokemon in old locations

###Assignments (Idea by Laurens)
- User gets an assignment to snap a certain Pokemon
- Notice of someone complete an assignment **(real-time)**
- Completing an assignment grants the user exp and some pokedollars

###Items
- Users can randomly find pokedollars to buy items with. **(Real-time, only one user can grab the money)**
- *Example items:*
  - Repels: make common pokemon appear less often
  - Amulet Coin: boots pokedollars user finds

###Companion Pokemon
- User can choose to catch one Pokemon they see, non-legendary
- Pokemon gives a boost to the user, ie. Mudkip gives a boost to water pokemon appearing, Meowth makes pokedollars more likely to appear
- Display companion pokemon on user profile

###Traveling (Idea by Leander)
- Going to a new location takes time (30 seconds?)
- Traveling faster costs money

###Bribing users
- More users in a location means less uncommon, rare and legendary pokemon appear, because they're shy **(real-time)**
- User can choose to send money to other users, asking them to leave the location for a certain amount of time **(real-time)**

###Achievements
- Vanity badges to show how awesome you are

###Pokedex
- Look up information on the pokemon and where you can find them

###Weather, Seasons and time
- Pokemon change depending on the current weather, season and time, ie: if its raining, fire pokemon appear less often, ghost pokemon only appear at night. **(real-time)**

###Add a chat function **(real-time)**

###Data valideren
